Add parsely-meta-string field to REST API (#500)
Parsely/wp-parsely: README.md

This choice of objects types can be further changed by using the `wp_parsely_rest_object_types` filter.

Example:

```
// Disable REST API output from pages, but enable for term archives.
add_filter(
	'wp_parsely_rest_object_types',
	function( $object_types ) {
		$object_types = array_diff( $object_types, array( 'page' ) );
		$object_types[] = 'term';
		return $object_types;
	}
);
```

The `parsely` field contains the following fields:
 - `version`, which is a string identifying the version of the REST API output; this will be updated if changes are made to the output, so consuming applications can check against it.
 - `meta`, which is an array of metadata for the specific post, page or other object type.
 - `rendered`, which is the rendered HTML of the metadata for the post, page or other object type. This will be a JSON-LD `<script>` tag, or a set of `<meta>` tags, depending on the format selected in the plugin settings. The decoupled code can consume and use this directly, instead of building the values from the `meta` field values.

> The `rendered` field is a convenience field is only included if the `wp_parsely_enable_rest_rendered_support` filter returns `true`. To disable this, return `false` from the filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `rendered` field is a convenience field containing the HTML-formatted meta data which can be printed to a decoupled page as is.

This can be disabled by returning `false` from the `wp_parsely_enable_rest_rendered_support` filter.
```
